Add append and replace load strategies with example DAG for Table (#45)
astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers: docs/universal_transfer_operator/operator.rst

           :language: python
           :start-after: [START howto_transfer_data_from_s3_to_snowflake_using_S3ToSnowflakeOperator]
           :end-before: [END howto_transfer_data_from_s3_to_snowflake_using_S3ToSnowflakeOperator]

.. _load_strategies:

Load Strategies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Following are the load strategies supported for :ref:`table` transfers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the load strategies supported when :ref:`table` is the destination dataset:
```

Reviewer: Also, we should change if_exists to some name that takes into account that it's talking about destination and table/file if they have distinct strategies in future.
